
AI Engineer
Careers
About Digico Solutions:
Digico Solutions, an AWS APN Advanced Consulting Partner, is a leader in cloud innovation, committed to transforming businesses through cutting-edge digital solutions. With our global presence and a passion for excellence, we’re expanding our team to include a skilled AI Engineer who is ready to tackle challenging projects and drive technological advancements.
Role Overview:
We are seeking a talented AI Engineer to join our team. In this role, you will be responsible for designing and developing cost-optimized and secure machine learning applications as well as customizing and fine-tuning large language models (LLMs), with a strong focus on leveraging AWS services.
Key Responsibilities:
Design and develop machine learning algorithms and deep learning applications.
Perform statistical analysis on big data sets, data lakes or databases.
Design and develop generative AI applications using deep learning techniques, optimized for specific tasks and desired outputs.
Convert AI/ML models into APIs that other developers can use.
Apply prompt engineering best practices and techniques to enhance model performance and usability.
Build end-to-end pipelines to automate training and deployment of models.
Manage project infrastructure and the development of AI models and projects.
Requirements:
Minimum of a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, or a related field. (Master’s Degree is a plus.)
Proven experience of at least 2 years designing, developing, and deploying ML and GenAI projects.
Strong programming skills in Python, with proficiency in libraries like LangChain, HayStack, LlamaIndex, TensorFlow, pandas, etc.
Solid understanding of AWS AI/ML services is a plus.
AWS Certifications is a plus.
Azure Cloud experience is a plus.
Effective communication, collaboration and self-learning skills.
What We Offer:
An opportunity to work with a global leader in cloud solutions, tackling diverse and challenging projects.
A collaborative and innovative work environment that fosters growth and learning.
Competitive compensation, including comprehensive benefits and opportunities for career advancement.
Category:
Engineering
Type:
Full Time
Location:
Beirut
Onsite
Apply for this position
Full Name Email Phone Cover Letter Upload CV/Resume Allowed Type(s): .pdf, .doc, .docx
By using this form you agree with the storage and handling of your data by this website.
