Smartrise: A Strategic Migration for Growth Case Study Founded in 2004, Smartrise Engineering was brought to life by leaders of the elevator industry who wanted to change the way business was done. The Challenge Strains of Operational Overhead Smartrise faced a dual challenge that prompted the decision to migrate its servers from on-premises data centers to the cloud. Firstly, the organization struggled with rising operational costs and the complexities of managing on-premises infrastructure. The resource-intensive nature of traditional data centers led Smartrise to seek a more cost-effective and streamlined solution. Secondly, recognizing the critical need to strengthen the security of their workloads, Smartrise took the initiative to undergo a strategic shift to the cloud. The inherent security features and advanced management capabilities of cloud services provided a compelling solution to effectively address the rapidly growing threat landscape. The Solution Security and Savings In response to the escalating costs and security concerns, Smartrise embraced a solution that involved a re-architecture and migration to the AWS Cloud. The process included re-designing their existing cloud workloads, using security best practices. Leveraging VPCs and AWS security services for secure and efficient resource hosting. The migration utilized AWS Application Migration Service to accurately replicate on-premises servers to managed EC2 instances. Additionally, adopting the managed RDS service for hosting their databases ensured a smooth and optimized data management system. To enhance overall network security, a comprehensive VPN was designed and implemented for Smartrise, establishing a secure and private communication channel between their on-premises workstations and the AWS Cloud. This strategic move to AWS, coupled with careful architectural adjustments, not only resolved the initial challenges but also positioned Smartrise for enhanced operational efficiency, scalability, and strengthened security. After the initial workload setup and migration, dedicated AWS services were used for continuous monitoring of infrastructure metrics, logs, security, and cost saving opportunities. Additionally, automations were configured to optimize the management and patching of the server fleet's underlying software. The Benefits Security Shielded from direct exposure, resources were deployed in a VPC. Continuous monitoring and security assessments using AWS Security Hub were also useful to address possible vulnerabilities in a proactive manner. Cost Optimization Forgoing the costs of maintaining servers on-premises and extensive licensing costs, Smartrise were able to optimize their costs and focus their resource investment on development and delivery acceleration. Agility and Management Offloading With AWS services, Smartrise has achieved impressive agility and slashed management overhead. The dynamic scalability of AWS enables swift adaptation to evolving demands, with the managed services significantly reducing routine management tasks. Result Driven Seamless Migration The migration was executed with minimal downtime to the companies’ production workloads, addressing both security vulnerabilities and the high costs and restricted scalability associated with on-premise management. Future Scalability The re-architecting project and adoption of AWS cloud resources has positioned Smartrise for future scalability, adaptability, and innovation.