Note that the certificate must be requested in the ‘N. Virginia” region. Select the “Request a public certificate” option and specifying the fully qualified domain name (FQDN) or subdomain you plan to use for your website (e.g., “usergroups.digico .solutions”). Then, choose DNS validation and select “RSA 2048” as a common and secure key algorithm. Managing DNS Records: To use your SSL certificate, you’ll need to make changes to your domain’s DNS records. These records point your domain name to the S3 bucket where your website files reside. For our setup, we are using Lightsail’s DNS management for demonstration purposes, but the process can be similar with other domain registrars or DNS hosting providers. You’ll need to create a CNAME record that maps your desired subdomain to the CloudFront distribution domain name we’ll configure in the next step. Configuring CloudFront: To improve website performance and user experience globally, we suggest using Amazon CloudFront, a content delivery network (CDN) service offered by AWS which has 310+ Points of Presence (300+ Edge locations and 13 regional mid-tier caches) in 90+ cities across 47 countries. CloudFront caches your website content across the multiple edge locations around the world, delivering it to users First off, create a CF distribution and set your S3 bucket as the origin. Configure the regions and add the certificate that was requested. Create a CNAME record in Lightsail to point your domain to your Cloudfront distribution. Finally, you will have the domain ready to display your AWS user group globe! Final Thoughts & Contribution Thank you for following along the journey of creating an exciting yet beneficial and well-rounded AWS project. This project has demonstrated the power of leveraging AWS services to build a comprehensive solution. We successfully integrated backend development with a user-friendly frontend and design, culminating in a rapid deployment on AWS. The utilization of services like S3, ACM, and CloudFront streamlined the process, ensuring the project became readily available to end users within minutes. However, this is just the first step.