Using federated alongside native users in Cognito, had caused some discrepancies and unexpected behavior within the application. The Solution Achieving Agility To overcome their challenges of latent content delivery, we implemented CloudFront for accelerated delivery using the AWS global edge locations, taking advantage of various caching policies to optimize the caching of different resources, including the static images. In order to provide a more accurate representation of changes and their effects on the stable production environment, we used AWS CodePipeline to replicate the production pipeline and set up a separate development environment on AWS to streamline the development process. Additionally, to incorporate security features into the pipeline, we utilized ECR’s image scanning feature to proactively detect and resolve security vulnerabilities in the application, before pushing changes to production. Regarding authentication, our objective was to optimize Amazon Cognito to establish a robust system that efficiently linked the identities of federated and native users, avoiding data duplication and ensuring consistency. This initiative not only enhanced security but also improved the overall reliability of user data. In addition to this, we conducted a comprehensive Well-Architected review of Bedu’s production workloads and addressed their high-risk issues, transforming their workload according to industry best practices. The Benefits Rapid Delivery The use of Amazon CloudFront and customizing the policies for the caching of different resources helped optimize the caching strategy in a manner tailored to Bedu’s website and resources. The deployment of the CloudFront distribution took advantage of all the global AWS locations, ensuring consistent user experiences regardless of their location. Peak Performance Following the recommendations of the Well-Architected review, we implemented detailed monitoring using CloudWatch and X-ray to identify and address performance issues in the deployed resources and application. Optimized Deployment Stepping in to manage the deployment of application and infrastructure changes and creating pipelines for each environment facilitated the deployment of changes to the production environment and ensured the stability of the website in production. Clear Identities The redundancy provided by the multi-Availability Zone setup with backup and disaster recovery on Amazon RDS MySQL ensured high availability and data protection. Result Driven Enhancing Website Reliability The use of CloudFront and CodePipeline to expedite content delivery and optimize deployments of application changes helped make Bedu’s website more reliable, consistent, and responsive. Improving System Performance The Well-Architected review helped identify performance bottlenecks with other areas of improvement, allowing us to implement the recommended actions and ultimately enhancing their system making it more resilient, performant, and scalable.