Back in the day before cloud architecture and virtualization were the talk of the town, engineers and developers used to build applications and IT-focused businesses at a much slower pace and with excruciating limitations. This was mainly due to having to take into account the availability, maintainability, and cost of managing hardware and the overhead that would have to host and maintain the underlying hardware. From there a few problems came to light: There was no one-size-fits-all solution available that could cover all the intended use cases for dev teams and organizations which limited what was possible with available hardware. Traditionally, the requirement to run any sort of IT operation required physical hardware which proved costly and limiting in terms of maintainability and scalability. Data analysis and the attainability of actionable insights was a far-fetched dream. Innovation was extremely bottlenecked by the availability of funds and manpower. And so on. With cloud adoption, Sky’s the limit Enter the era of the cloud, where data is at the fingertips of any business, scalability is automated by gigantic providers with unlimited resources, physical hardware is no longer tangible, and virtual hardware is readily available from anywhere on the globe. Cloud adoption allows businesses of all sizes to leverage limitless resources in a cost-efficient manner. The only possible limitations are the ambition of the group and the skillset of its individual counterparts. By employing strategic digitization, migration, and optimization strategies, almost anyone can take advantage of the sheer power of cloud computing to build upon or develop any technology they aspire to have. What’s more? Almost anyone can innovate in almost every possible industry, from healthcare institutions aiming to analyze decades of data to find a breakthrough in a certain medical area of focus, to local coffee houses hoping to make the process of brewing their coffee more streamlined and cost-efficient. Any application can be built, any type of data can be stored and analyzed, and any scale of solution can be delivered in record time. The Focus Shifts: From infrastructure to Value Creation So, it’s time to forget infrastructure and focus on value. Let’s take a look at some key strategies from real-life scenarios employed by our AWS geniuses at Digico Solutions to create value for our clients: 1. Modernization and Optimization: In today’s dynamic digital landscape, legacy infrastructure holds businesses back. Modernization isn’t just about migrating workloads to the cloud; it’s about transforming them to leverage cloud-native capabilities. One such transformation project focused on seamlessly moving applications to modern architectures, automatically scaling resources up or down based on demand, and slashing the cloud bill by over 30%. That’s the power of modernization and optimization. By right-sizing resources, adopting serverless functions, and utilizing intelligent autoscaling, you can achieve peak performance while keeping costs under control. This frees up valuable resources to invest in strategic initiatives that drive growth.