We deliver customized, expert-driven solutions designed to ensure your long-term technology success. Tailored Solutions for Your Unique Needs Proven Expertise and Experience Commitment to Long-Term Success Lift & Shift: Migrate with Confidence Today At Digico Solutions, migration is more than data transfer—it’s a strategic transformation of your business infrastructure. Our Lift & Shift approach leverages hyper-scaler technology to unlock new levels of operational efficiency, scalability, and cost optimization, empowering your organization to thrive in the cloud. Get Started For Free Why Migrate? Our Migration Readiness Assessment (MRA) provides a comprehensive evaluation of your current IT environment, identifying strengths, gaps, and opportunities to ensure a successful and efficient migration to the Cloud. It’s the first step in crafting a tailored, risk-mitigated migration strategy that aligns with your business goals. 0 % Cost Saving 27.4% reduction in cost per user 0 % Operational Resiliency 56.7% decrease in application downtime 0 % Staff Productivity 67.7% increase in terabytes (TBs) managed per administrator 0 % Business Agility 37.1% reduction in the time-to-market for new products and services Benefits of Cloud Migration Staff Productivity Enable employees to shift from tactical to strategic work by reducing time spent by full-time IT employees on system administration tasks. Operational Resiliency Strengthen IT security and increase service availability and reliability, including gaining the elasticity to respond to rapidly fluctuating demand. Cost Savings Decrease IT costs by moving infrastructure to the Cloud and eliminating the operational costs associated with on-premises technology. Business Agility Increase return on investments due to faster time-to-market, greater product diversity, increased innovation, and faster global expansion. about Migration and Our Process Landing Zone: Design a Secure and Scalable Cloud Foundation Establish a Secure Multi-Account Environment Our Landing Zone design service sets up a secure, multi-account environment tailored to your organization’s needs. We implement best practices for security, including centralized identity and access management (IAM), logging, and audit controls to ensure compliance and robust protection.