Not including the fact that virtually, there isn’t a flawless system; hence, regularly checking and updating your systems to patch vulnerabilities is crucial in preventing exploits, this includes applying patches to the Operating Systems, applications, virtual machines, and all your resources. The history proved that such incidents happened, this includes the previously mentioned Heartbleed security exploit and the shellshock incident exploiting a bug in the bash command -line. With the cloud in sight, all these security patches can be taken care of by using managed services provided by multiple cloud venders, including AWS, Azure, and GCP. These venders are responsible for scaling, securing, and updating your resources while you focus your time and effort on developing your applications – using managed services can be more expensive than unmanaged resources, but it is a price worth to pay to protect yourself and your users from unintentional bugs due outdated patches leading to an exploit. This checklist alone does not take into account all the measures and points needed to secure your infrastructure; beyond MFA, encryptions, and disaster recovery plans, there are additional steps that lie onto you and the users – raising awareness against malwares and phishing attacks, implementing high availability against DDoS threats, strengthening endpoint protections, and the list goes on. Securing your systems is an ongoing process that requires continuous vigilance and proactive strategies – this is not discouraging, it’s quite the opposite, delving into this world and knowing you are following all the necessary procedure to secure yourself and your environment brings some peace within. Always remember, no system is invincible – you are only strong as your weakest link. Let’s take the next step toward securing your environment. At Digico Solutions, we’re dedicated to help you prioritize security alongside efficiency, ensuring you have a robust and resilient infrastructure. Let’s rewrite the narrative and build a secure future.