Defining MVP and Startup Processes Anas Khattar May 30, 2023 Blog Table of Contents Modern continuous delivery methods demand the use of hypotheses, not requirements, to deliver what customers want. Startups and developers should embrace continuous experimentation and adaption right from the start. So thinking and researching MVPs and writing this down as the closest I could get to define an MVP process or startup process. So you got a hypothesis, if you don’t have a hypothesis you really should have a hypothesis, you don’t really build something because you can but you want to know what is the right thing to build, what do my customers care about? Additionally, aim to have a tight and measurable hypothesis that’s clear and defined. Then you want to build this, and ideally, you want to build the minimum possible to disprove that hypothesis, if you can’t then you keep going, then you’re going to need to measure it, because you can’t disprove or prove something if you don’t measure. Once you measure you can start to learn and iterate, and as you iterate onwards, you will then start building or altering on that first phase. You can see that build, measure, iterate phase it continuous you keep going round and round and round. Although we have a scale at the end of the diagram above, it’s better to think of that as a build measure iterate phase as well there no real distinction between them. Think about the clarity of what you are trying to achieve, because when you want to measure something you want something that’s singular and within your aim. I speak to a lot of startups but when I ask them what their benefit is, I get a list. Its really always good to start with a really clear and singular mission, something that you can deliver that’s really crisp to your customers. You want to make sure it’s measurable. If you can’t measure it, you can’t know if you succeed against your metric, you might not know what’s the right value to get to is but you need at least to have a measure to know where you are in relative terms. MVP MVP stands for a minimum viable product, its the first product that you build and is the product that gets your startup through the product-market fit phase. It’s not a prototype so it’s not to be confused with a prototype.