Analytics and Insights Enhance student learning with our advanced analytics. Monitor student performance, identify knowledge gaps, and provide personalized feedback to improve outcomes. More Than Q&A Transform traditional learning with our interactive features, integrating a variety of learning formats, including videos and quizzes. Multi-Format Support Transform traditional learning with interactive features. EduAI offers a variety of input format to support any type of interactive content to create an interactive learning journey. Effortless Integration & Support Already have your courses uploaded elsewhere? No problem! EduAI offers an import tool which helps you import your material from the most popular LMSs to our platform EduAI Use Cases Deep Course Understanding EduAI Course Assistant answers all student questions related to the course, offering simple intuitive explanations with lots of examples to ensure students deeply understand the subject Student Upskilling EduAI Course Assistant also offers students questions, quizzes, and mock exams, in order to help them hone their skills and increase their proficiency Student and Course Evaluation Through EduAI’s Analytics and Insights feature, schools and instructors can evaluate students’ performance and understanding per course, allowing them to use this information to finetune their courses and address student weak points Accelerated Course Building EduAI’s Course Builder accelerates the development and creation of world-class high-quality courses, enduring university professors have an easier time keeping their courses up-to-date and following educational best practices Is EduAI Available 24/7? Yes, once set up, EduAI operates continuously, ready to accept student queries around the clock. How secure is the data used for EduAI’s operation? We prioritize data security and privacy. All data used for operation is stored securely, and no data pertinent to your company is shared with external entities nor used for any other customer. What File Formats Does EduAI Support EduAI supports a variety of different file formats, ensuring you can utilize all your available learning material. Our platform supports PDF, MD (Markdown), TXT, DOCX, HTML, CSV, XLS, and XLSX files. It also supports MP3, MP4, WAV, FLAC, OGG, AMR, WEBM, and M4A video and audio files. How often are the AI models updated?