Speaking loudly about such innovations make AI sound – flawless, almost too good to be true. Yet, as is often the case, hidden things lie in the fine print . AI is not without flaws. Like everything created by us, AI bound to be constrained to our ingenuity, intelligence, and most importantly our values and morals. These systems are trained to act like us, talk like us, think like us, and even take decisions to solve problems like us. But what happens when biases, oversights, or ethical lapses creep into their design? As Kate Crawford wisely put it: “Like all technologies before it, artificial intelligence will reflect the values of its creators. So, inclusivity matters – from who designs it to who sits on the company boards and which ethical perspectives are includes.” Risk of Unethical AI Recent discussions around AI often emphasize on its benefits – enhanced productivity, efficiency, and innovation across myriad sectors. While these advancements are transformative and even revolutionary in some cases, it is equally important to break the cycle and expose the darker side of things – the ethical risks of AI’s misuse, biased training, and unintended consequences due to personal gains. Below, we will be exploring some of those unethical practices. Bias and Discrimination: AI models have been increasingly used in the in the workplace – facial recognition security mechanisms, resume checkers for HR filtering and recruitments, smart assistants, performance analysis practices, and the list goes on. Unfortunately, unchecked biases in datasets used to train the AI models can lead to discriminatory outcomes, causing societal inequalities and racial consequences. A case of unethical training of AI models involves the facial recognition technologies. A study by the National Institute of Standards and Technolgy revealed many systems misidentifies people of color at significantly larger rates compared with people with white skin colors- leading to false arrests, privacy violations, and faulty claims. According to American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), the criminal justice system portrays some racial biases – quoting: “… because of racial biases in the criminal justice system”. Amazon’s Rekognition tool that was trained on mugshot dataset, incorrectly identified 28 members of Congress to mugshot images disproportionately affecting people of color. Privacy Invasion: Imagine a multi-million-dollar company using your photos to train a facial recognition AI algorithm without your consent; AI systems often rely on vast amounts of personal data, raising significant concerns about consent and privacy. Misuse of this data can lead to ethical breaches and violations of trust. For instance, Clearview AI faced global criticism for scraping billions of photos from social media platforms without user consent; the company built a dataset for a facial recognition algorithm based on those photos and sold the trained AI models to law enforcement agencies worldwide, raising alarms about surveillance and misuse. They were later fined with 30$ million in Europe for violating people’s privacy. Misuse of AI: We got across several cases on the unethical training of AI models, but how about the unethical use of AI models for “our personal gains”? We always go back to the remarkable benefits of AI in our lives; but these same systems are so powerful that are capable to be used for malicious purposes. We’ve all read about the misuse of AI systems with voice alterations, deep fake videos, and even prompting AI to do our work/personal studies for you. Deepfake videos, in particular, has been misused the most for fraud and misinformation manipulation. A notable example is the March 2019 UK scam where scammers defrauded a UK-based energy company. The scammers used deepfake audio that convincingly imitated the CEO’s voice defrauding them with a whopping 243000$. This incident demonstrated how convincing AI-generated media could be used for identity imitation and how it can be exploited for financial and reputation harm. Autonomy Risk: Autonomous activities have been circulating our workspaces for years now; CI/CD practices, autonomous driving vehicles, automation in Manfacturing, and many other cases. These resulted in myriads of advancements and improvements and in efficiency.