Migrating cloud-based applications running on other public clouds to AWS to take advantage of over 200 AWS services. Migrating Amazon EC2 workloads across AWS Regions, Availability Zones, or accounts to meet business, resilience, and compliance needs. Optimizing applications by applying custom modernization actions or selecting built-in actions like cross-Region disaster recovery, Windows Server version upgrade, SQL Server BYOL to AWS license conversion, etc. Amazon Database Migration Service (DMS) AWS Database Migration Service (DMS) is a managed service that simplifies and accelerates the migration of databases to AWS. DMS enables migration of relational databases, data warehouses, NoSQL databases and other types of databases to AWS. DMS further supports both homogenous migrations (Oracle to Oracle) and heterogenous migrations (Oracle to AWS Aurora). Most importantly, AWS DMS keeps source database fully operational during the entire migration process to ensure a non-disrupted transition in the back stage without any operational hiccups. Some of DMS most common use cases include: Migrating On-Premises Databases to AWS Migrate on-premises databases running on physical servers, VMware, Hyper-V, etc. to AWS databases like Amazon RDS, Amazon Aurora, Amazon DynamoDB, etc. Helps take advantage of the benefits of the cloud like improved performance, managed environment, and reduced maintenance costs. Migrating Databases Across Cloud Platforms Migrate databases running on other public clouds to AWS to leverage the breadth of AWS services. Enables moving Amazon EC2 workloads across AWS Regions, Availability Zones, or accounts for resilience and compliance. Continuous Database Replication Use DMS for ongoing, real-time replication between databases, including between on-premises and cloud environments. Enables building highly available and scalable data lake solutions by replicating data to Amazon S3. Database Consolidation and Modernization Consolidate databases into a petabyte-scale data warehouse by streaming data to Amazon Redshift. Modernize applications by incrementally refactoring to microservices using AWS Migration Hub Refactor Spaces. Assess your Current Environment While on one hand AWS provides the migration tools needed to ensure a successful transition to the cloud, allowing you to manage, orchestrate and monitor the process at all times using Migration Hub, MGN and DMS, it also provides you with the necessary tools for assessing your existing on-premise resources to ensure that you are getting the best possible combination of resources needed for your stack. After all, one of the most important aspects of migrating to the cloud is paying for exactly what you will be using, no more and no less! AWS offers several services to help SMBs assess their migration to AWS and build a business case, including Migration Evaluator and AWS Migration Assessment. AWS Migration Evaluator Migration Evaluator provides insights to build a data-driven business case for migration, helping define next steps. It enables SMBs to discover over-provisioned on-premises instances, get recommendations for cost-effective AWS alternatives, and efficiently plan their migration by identifying existing licenses and running cost comparisons of Bring Your Own License (BYOL) and License Included (LI) options. The AWS Migration Assessment is a complimentary service that comprehensively assesses SMBs’ current on-premises and existing cloud environments to right-size instances, identify the best AWS services, model licensing scenarios, quantify cost savings, and build a data-driven business case demonstrating the strategic value of cloud migration. By leveraging these assessment services, SMBs can accelerate their migration to AWS while reducing costs and risks. In other words, the Migration Assessment tool helps your company migrate to the cloud smartly and with the least costs! Strategy is a key! AWS provides powerful tools that are fundamentally capable of providing companies with all needed functionalities to ensure successful migration to the cloud. However, having powerful means needs careful planning as well. AWS offers a comprehensive set of migration strategies to help customers move their applications and data to the cloud. These strategies, known as the “6 Rs”, provide a structured approach to assess, plan, and execute cloud migrations. The rehost or “lift-and-shift” strategy involves migrating applications to the cloud without making any changes to the underlying architecture. This is a popular approach for enterprises looking to quickly move a large number of servers from on-premises to the cloud. For example, Expedia Group used the rehost strategy to migrate over 80% of its infrastructure to AWS, reducing its data center footprint by 85%. The replatform or “lift, tinker, and shift” strategy involves making some optimizations to the application during migration, such as leveraging managed database services like Amazon RDS. This approach allows organizations to take advantage of cloud-native capabilities without a complete application redesign. Intuit, the financial software company, used replatforming to migrate its TurboTax application to AWS, improving scalability and reducing infrastructure management overhead. In the repurchase or “drop and shop” strategy, companies move from on-premises software to a SaaS model. This allows them to take advantage of the latest features and managed services without the burden of maintaining the underlying infrastructure.