Get Started For Free Why Migrate? Our Migration Readiness Assessment (MRA) provides a comprehensive evaluation of your current IT environment, identifying strengths, gaps, and opportunities to ensure a successful and efficient migration to the Cloud. It’s the first step in crafting a tailored, risk-mitigated migration strategy that aligns with your business goals. 0 % Cost Saving 27.4% reduction in cost per user 0 % Operational Resiliency 56.7% decrease in application downtime 0 % Staff Productivity 67.7% increase in terabytes (TBs) managed per administrator 0 % Business Agility 37.1% reduction in the time-to-market for new products and services Benefits of Cloud Migration Staff Productivity Enable employees to shift from tactical to strategic work by reducing time spent by full-time IT employees on system administration tasks. Operational Resiliency Strengthen IT security and increase service availability and reliability, including gaining the elasticity to respond to rapidly fluctuating demand. Cost Savings Decrease IT costs by moving infrastructure to the Cloud and eliminating the operational costs associated with on-premises technology. Business Agility Increase return on investments due to faster time-to-market, greater product diversity, increased innovation, and faster global expansion. The Migration Process 1 Assess We start by understanding your current infrastructure, identifying opportunities for optimization, and creating a detailed migration roadmap. 2 Mobilise In this phase, we prepare your environment for the move, addressing any gaps and ensuring your team is ready for the Cloud. 3 Migrate & Modernise Finally, we execute the migration, modernizing your applications as needed, and ensuring everything is aligned with industry best practices. The Migration Process 1 Assess We start by understanding your current infrastructure, identifying opportunities for optimization, and creating a detailed migration roadmap. 2 Mobilise In this phase, we prepare your environment for the move, addressing any gaps and ensuring your team is ready for the Cloud. 3 Migrate & Modernise Finally, we execute the migration, modernizing your applications as needed, and ensuring everything is aligned with Cloud best practices. Why Digico Solutions? Tailored Cloud Migration Digico Solutions delivers Cloud Migration Services designed to meet your business needs, optimizing costs and infrastructure value Migration Portfolio A comprehensive migration profile, ensuring full visibility and control over your infrastructure. Client-Centric Approach We prioritize your unique needs with tailored solutions and dedicated support in collaboration with Cloud vendors. Migration Readiness Assessment (MRA) Our Migration Readiness Assessment (MRA) provides a comprehensive evaluation of your current IT environment, identifying strengths, gaps, and opportunities to ensure a successful and efficient migration to the Cloud. It’s the first step in crafting a tailored, risk-mitigated migration strategy that aligns with your business goals.