Terms & Conditions for Digico Solutions Limited Known as Digico Solutions 1. Applicability (a) Unless a definitive written agreement is in effect between the parties, these terms and conditions for services (these “Terms”) are the only terms that govern the provision of services by Digico Solutions Limited (“Service Provider”) to the purchaser of such services (“Customer”). (b) The accompanying order confirmation (the “Order Confirmation”) and these Terms (collectively, this “Agreement”) comprise the entire agreement between the parties and supersede all prior or contemporaneous understandings, agreements, negotiations, representations and warranties, and communications, both written and oral. In the event of any conflict between these Terms and the Order Confirmation, these Terms shall govern, unless the Order Confirmation expressly states that the terms and conditions of the Order Confirmation shall control. (c) These Terms prevail over any of Customer’s general terms and conditions regardless of whether Customer has submitted its request for proposal, order, or such terms. Provision of services to Customer does not constitute acceptance of any of Customer’s terms and conditions and does not serve to modify or amend these Terms. 2. Services. Service Provider shall provide the services to Customer as described in the Order Confirmation (the “Services”) in accordance with these Terms. 3. Performance Dates. Service Provider shall use reasonable efforts to meet any performance dates specified in the Order Confirmation, and any such dates shall be estimates only. 4. Customer’s Obligations. Customer shall: (a) cooperate with Service Provider in all matters relating to the Services and provide such access to Customer’s premises, and such office accommodation and other facilities as may reasonably be requested by Service Provider, for the purposes of performing the Services; (b) respond promptly to any Service Provider request to provide direction, information, approvals, authorizations, or decisions that are reasonably necessary for Service Provider to perform Services in accordance with the requirements of this Agreement; (c) provide such Customer materials or information as Service Provider may reasonably request to carry out the Services in a timely manner and ensure that such Customer materials or information are complete and accurate in all material respects; and (d) obtain and maintain all necessary licenses and consents and comply with all applicable laws in relation to the Services before the date on which the Services are to start. 5. Customer’s Acts or Omissions. If Service Provider’s performance of its obligations under this Agreement is prevented or delayed by any act or omission of Customer or its agents, subcontractors, consultants, or employees, Service Provider shall not be deemed in breach of its obligations under this Agreement or otherwise liable for any costs, charges, or losses sustained or incurred by Customer, in each case, to the extent arising directly or indirectly from such prevention or delay. 6. Change Orders. (a) If either party wishes to change the scope or performance of the Services, it shall submit details of the requested change to the other party in writing. Service Provider shall, within a reasonable time after such request, provide a written estimate to Customer of: (i) the likely time required to implement the change; (ii) any necessary variations to the fees and other charges for the Services arising from the change; (iii) the likely effect of the change on the Services; and (iv) any other impact the change might have on the performance of this Agreement. (b) Promptly after receipt of the written estimate, the parties shall negotiate and agree in writing on the terms of such change (a “Change Order”). Neither party shall be bound by any Change Order unless mutually agreed upon in writing in accordance with Section 25. (c) Notwithstanding Section 6(a) and Section 6(b), Service Provider may, from time to time change the Services without the consent of Customer provided that such changes do not materially affect the nature or scope of the Services, or the fees or any performance dates set forth in the Order Confirmation. (d) Service Provider may charge for the time it spends assessing and documenting a change request from a Customer on a time and materials basis in accordance with the Order Confirmation. 7. Fees and Expenses; Payment Terms; Interest on Late Payments. (a) In consideration of the provision of the Services by the Service Provider and the rights granted to Customer under this Agreement, Customer shall pay the fees set forth in the Order Confirmation. (b) Customer agrees to reimburse Service Provider for all reasonable travel and out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Service Provider in connection with the performance of the Services. (c) Customer shall pay all invoiced amounts due to Service Provider within 30 days from the date of Service Provider’s invoice. The customer shall make all payments hereunder in US dollars by wire transfer. (d) In the event payments are not received by Service Provider within 30 days after becoming due, Service Provider may: (i) charge interest on any such unpaid amounts at a rate of 1.5% per month or, if lower, the maximum amount permitted under applicable law, from the date such payment was due until the date paid; and (ii) suspend performance for all Services until payment has been made in full. 8.